Supporting Disk Labels on Instance bootDisk and InstanceTemplate disks (#3766)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google: website/docs/r/compute_instance_template.html.markdown

* `type` - (Optional) The type of GCE disk, can be either `"SCRATCH"` or
    `"PERSISTENT"`.

* `labels` - (Optional) A set of key/value label pairs to assign to the disk.

    If you are creating a new disk, these labels are added to the disk.

>     If you are attaching an existing disk, these labels are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You cannot use labels if you are attaching an existing disk using `source`.
```
quick clarification since once my linked PR is merged it will fail instead of getting silently ignored as it does right now.
